Lan Lan, I lost something
Go back and get it, be right back
Chi, is this gift for me?
Is this gift for me?
Isn't this for me?
No.
It's not for me, is it for the dumb one?
Today is the birthday of the mute
I can't believe you got him a birthday present
I have something to do
I'm not allowed to go
I forbid you to celebrate that mute's birthday
Xiaoyan, stop fooling around
I don't care, anyway, you are not allowed to go today.
You know
We have been together for so many years
You never touched me
Do you love me or that dumb guy?
YANYAN
I don't want to go another day.
Teacher, you can't give me a name.
Gotta give me a baby
I'm like this, and you still don't respond?
Have you had enough trouble?